Add info on enabling startup logs for Ruby (#24134)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_startup_logs.md

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="ruby" >}}

### Enable startup logs

You can enable startup logs using either code configuration or an environment variable:

**Code**:

To enable startup logs in your code:

```ruby
Datadog.configure do |c|
     c.diagnostics.startup_logs.enabled = true
end
```
**Environment variable**:

To enable startup logs using an environment variable:

```shell
export DD_TRACE_STARTUP_LOGS=true
```

### Output

> When startup logs are enabled, the tracer will output configuration and diagnostic information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When startup logs are enabled, the tracer outputs configuration and diagnostic information.
```

Author: Thanks!
